**My** [**self-introduction**](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sWAM8czzNOI) **video**

***

**Hello friends! My name is Semyon, I am 17 years old, and I live in Belarus. Currently, I am studying in the 11th grade at a gymnasium. My plans include enrolling in the Mozyr University on the Computer Physics faculty, as I want my future profession to be related to programming. My goal is to become a successful front-end developer. Recently, I only discovered programming. I have always been interested in computer science, and I excelled in it. I started learning Python at first, but I found it boring. Then I decided to try front-end development. My aunt recommended the RS School Front-end courses, and I started with Stage#0. I enjoyed seeing the results of my work, being able to turn a designer's layout into a working website. It was exciting, and that's where my motivation lies. I also like that the work in this field is well paid, and I can work from home. Now, I want to tell you about my favorite project. I have two favorite projects: my first website (library) and the game (Hangman). The first project is special to me because it was the first time I learned to work with Git, VSCode, and GitHub. It was fascinating. And I like the game (Hangman) because it taught me to create logic for a website and I learned a lot of new and interesting things. Of course, I have some difficulties with my schedule. Considering that I am currently in my final year of school and participate in various extracurricular activities, I often don't have enough time to finish my projects. I really don't like that some of them remain unfinished. It seems to me that when I have more free time, I will be able to master so much interesting and useful information that I will become a real professional in the field of front-end development.**
